And they had a woman who was teaching, uh, Bavish languages.
And I had a kind of lucifilia at that time, a few literature, just discovered, you know, Dostoevsky, people like that.
And, uh, so I took her Russian language case.
And, just for fun.
Then I transferred to Indiana.
I sort of got involved in just running everything.
I was class president, newspaper editor, student council, all kinds of stuff.
Was that you at Bloomington?
No, this was at Southern Illinois first.
I've been doing all that stuff.
No, I transferred for the reason I had to get rid of it.
I was doing that instead of anything else.
So I went to Indiana just to be a student, and it wasn't a good place for that, rather dismal.
I ended up almost not graduating, but I went ahead.
I was a journalism major, and I hated the journalism department.
They ended up kind of hating me.
And so I ended up in my senior year facing the same problem you had about deferment, without a degree coming in hand.
I had no major, and had all the coursework and grades, but I'd just been taking courses all over the landscape.
I had nothing that added up to anything.
I had no advisor.
I was really abreast.
Pinch on G. Allen, of course, is his Pinch on disciple.
Well, G. was, because it's all about that 56 period.
I loved the book anyhow, and it was funny.
It kind of gave a jump start to my own sense of humor, which had been flagging in the course of trying to battle my way through that book.
So I've been grateful to him, but partly it had to do with the fact that that period was so coincided.
He was just a sailor, but he was in the same area.
When did you make the transition from journalist to fiction editor?
Well, almost immediately.
I never really was an enthusiastic journalist.
My dad had the newspaper.
What was the name of the newspaper?
I forget the Bedford's paper.
The one that I work for is the Heron Daily Journal.
And then it was bought up by a guy in Decatur who had some interesting ideas which really wrecked my father's life.
He decided to amalgamate three small town newspapers and create a metropolitan newspaper in a small town in southern Illinois.
Carbondale, Murfreesboro and Heron were brought together and created the southern Illinois, which still exists.
And each of the issues would be identical except for a page which each of the towns would have that would be wholly their own page.
And then the duties were separated out so that one would be focused more on the forest side, one more on the physical production side, and one more on the advertising side.
And my father's staff had gotten more of their kind of commercial stuff.
In the end, he was very unhappy because the people locally didn't like it, and they blamed him for what happened to our old newspaper kind of thing.
And he finally gave it off and left there and put the job out in Nebraska and didn't work out, and then he ended up getting into insurance.
By that time, it separated from his.
The journalistic experience I had led me to think that's what I was going to do.
So at Southern Illinois, I was a journalism major.
The first two years, you don't declare that much anyhow.
It was mainly what I did, and I went to assistant editor-in-chief of the university, I suppose, when I left.
So when I went to India, I went to the Journal of the Major, but I just hated everybody in the department, the teachers, everything.
So within the first semester, I backed out of it, and as soon as I'd done that, I was done with it.
I was already writing stories.
I'd been writing stories since I was in high school.
They weren't... I did the first serious writing after I left the nation.
When I got out of it, I got out of it.
By that time, I had encountered Costco, Rebecca, and all the writers that made a major impact on me.
Gotten out of the New Yorker Saturday week post-notion of what fiction was, and was trying to find out more.
So, the first very earliest...
And a breakaway picture from 57.
Well, I know you... My wife's waiting for 7 o'clock.
Well, you're late.